Family-Config.md, before:

If you would like your clan family to be listed at http://cr-api.com/clans — you will need to send us your clan configuration in [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML). Read this guide thoroughly on how to configure it and then [open a new issue](https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-ux/issues) with your configuration.

Please remember to escape your config as shown below with the three backticks when including it in your issue. First to open it with the three back ticks followed by the language `yaml`, and then to close it at the end.

<img src="https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-ux/blob/master/media/escape-yaml.png?raw=true" width="300" />


## Fields

This table shows what all those fields mean

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| name | Name of the family. |
| key | Shortcut name. Used in the URL path. |
| color | Brand color. See below for acceptable colors. HEX is not supported yet, so use the closest match. |
| emblem | Clan Badge. Find it from your clan page or look up in [cr-api/cr-api-assets/badges](https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-assets/tree/master/badges) |
| info | Optional information. Used in clans page. |
| clans | Names and tags of your clans. |
| sort | Sort order of the clans. Don’t include this field if you wish the clans be sorted according to the order in the `clans` field. Use `sort: trophy` if you want the clans to be sorted according to the clan score. |

### Info fields

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| logo | Please provide URL to your logo and we will upload it. |
| description | Family description in markdown. Please be brief as it will push all your clans down if it is too long. |
| social | Links to social media sites. |

### Social Links

You may order these in any order. The site will display them according to the order that you have entered in your configuration.

- application: url
- discord: url
- email: mailto_url
- facebook: url
- instagram: url
- twitch: url
- twitter: url
- website: url
- youtube: url

### Clans

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| name | Name of the clan |
| tag | Clan tag without the `#` symbol |


## Colors

[[https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-docs/blob/master/docs/img/colors.png|alt=colors]]

## Examples

### 100 Thieves Clan Family

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/100t

[100t.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/100t.yml)

```yaml
name: 100 Thieves Clan Family
key: 100t
color: red
track: true
emblem: A_Char_Rocket_02
feature: true
vip: true
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/racf.svg
  description: >
    **100 Thieves** is an esports team competing in the North American region of Clash Royale League.
    The eight trophy-pushing clans below comprise the ladder branch of the organization.
    The clans are home to many experienced tournament players, including three participants in the Crown Duel.
    The clans were created as a result of a merger and re-branding of the Reddit Alpha Clan Family,
    founded by Woody in January 2016.
  social:
    - twitter: http://twitter.com/RedditAlpha
    - discord: http://discord.gg/100t
    - twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/woody
    - reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/CRRedditAlpha/
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjC5dP9z3XQY6OEPWh5RiLw
    - website: http://docs.redditalpha.com
clans:
  - name: 100T Alpha
    tag: 9PJ82CRC
  - name: 100T Bravo
    tag: 9UQJUJC9
  - name: 100T Charlie
    tag: 9G99JQPL
  - name: 100T Delta
    tag: 9G8VYGL0
  - name: 100T Echo
    tag: 9CJ0L9RG
  - name: 100T Foxtrot
    tag: 9UQC2P0V
  - name: 100T Golf
    tag: 9UG2R2LQ
  - name: 100T Hotel
    tag: 9Y9VR2JR
  - name: 100T Zen
    tag: 9LPVG9UC
```

### LeGeND Family

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/legend

[legend.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/legend.yml)

```yaml
name: LeGeND Family
key: legend
color: yellow
track: false
emblem: Flame_03
feature: true
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/legend.png
  description: >
    The Legend family is one of the oldest and biggest families in Clash Royale
    with our 700 members and 14 clans!
    Since creation, we as a family and individual players have grown immensely
    and continue to today.
    We believe that’s the reason why we have come so far.
    **The family is a place for everyone, as our members come from all around the world,
    from casual to competitive players, old to young,
    active to very active and so on.**
    We all share a fellow passion for the game, are friendly, always donate,
    help each other out with the same goal: to always improve our skills and have a great time!
    **Join the Family. Become a Legend. **
  social:
    - discord: https://discord.me/legendfamily
    - website: https://legendclans.com
    - twitter: https://twitter.com/TheLegendClans
    - facebook: https://www.facebook.com/LegendClans
    - instagram: https://www.instagram.com/legendclans
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU-_xxoQeJlXx1kJcH1CoBQ
    - reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/LegendClans
    - email: mailto:board@legendclans.com
clans:
  - name: Dragons Eight
    tag: 29YPJYY
  - name: LeGeND eSports!
    tag: 2GJYVRYQ
  - name: LeGeND Squad!
    tag: 80CC8
  - name: Dragons Eight 2
    tag: Y8G9C09
  - name: LeGeND Prime!
    tag: 2LL8LC2R
  - name: LeGeND Titan!
    tag: 9PJYVVL2
  - name: LeGeND Legion!
    tag: VJQ0GJ0
  - name: LeGeND Rising!
    tag: RY9QJU2
  - name: LeGeND Dynasty!
    tag: 99R2PQVR
  - name: LeGeND Phantom!
    tag: 2CJ88808
  - name: LeGeND Empire!
    tag: 9P2PQULQ
  - name: White Plague
    tag: J0CQ9R9
  - name: Dragons Eight 3
    tag: 2ULY20LU
  - name: LeGeND Academy!
    tag: 8QRQQ8RG
```

### Nova eSports

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/nova

[nova.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/nova.yml)

```yaml
name: Nova eSports
key: nova
color: purple
emblem: Star_Shine_03
track: false
feature: true
sort: trophy
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/nova.svg
  description: >
    **Competitive excellence through community-driven values.**
    Nova is a mobile-focused eSports organization committed to empowering
    individuals through a supportive team environment.
    We look for talent that has the character to back it up.
    That talent is cultivated and supported through team-based growth strategies and
    passionate staff that care about player outcomes.
    Community is the foundation of those outcomes and is the core of player dedication.
  social:
    - website: https://novaesports.com/
    - twitter: https://twitter.com/NovaeSportsTeam
    - instagram: https://instagram.com/novaesportsgg
    - facebook: https://facebook.com/OfficialNovaeSports
    - twitch: https://twitch.tv/NovaeSportsGG
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JS5NiRp4Sy1wl6qFkW3GQ
    - application: https://novaesports.com/apply
    - email: mailto:pr@novaesports.com
clans:
  - name: Nova eSports
    tag: LCVUYCR
  - name: Nova I ARG
    tag: 8QC8YQJC
  - name: Nova l Brazil
    tag: JVRPGV8
  - name: Nova I C.A
    tag: 8JLVR9VV
  - name: Nova l Canada
    tag: 8PLYP8V
  - name: Nova l EG
    tag: 8YLJ8UL2
  - name: Nova FrenchArmy
    tag: 8VG2C9CJ
  - name: Nova l Hispania
    tag: 2CQQVQCU
  - name: HK@852 l Nova
    tag: 8JQQP8UL
  - name: Nova l India
    tag: 8GGC990V
  - name: Nova I Iran
    tag: 8YGRJ8GG
  - name: Nova I Korea
    tag: 92LLJ828
  - name: Nova l JPN
    tag: 2GYJL2GQ
  - name: Nova l MANGÚ™
    tag: 8JQP02QQ
  - name: Nova l Potenza
    tag: 2UP8R99Y
  - name: Nova l Raze
    tag: 8UY0CPU2
  - name: Nova l Swiss
    tag: 8RR89PUY
  - name: Nova Turkey
    tag: CYCJJLG
  - name: Nova l 大唐天子
    tag: RVL2PQQ
```

Commit message:

escape backticks in yaml backtick example

Family-Config.md, after:

If you would like your clan family to be listed at http://cr-api.com/clans — you will need to send us your clan configuration in [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML). Read this guide thoroughly on how to configure it and then [open a new issue](https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-ux/issues) with your configuration.

Please remember to escape your config as shown below with the three backticks when including it in your issue. First to open it with the three back ticks followed by the language `yaml`, and then to close it at the end.

````
```yaml
name: Name of the Family
key: URL shortname
color: red
emblem: A_Char_Rocket_02
…
```

````

## Fields

This table shows what all those fields mean

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| name | Name of the family. |
| key | Shortcut name. Used in the URL path. |
| color | Brand color. See below for acceptable colors. HEX is not supported yet, so use the closest match. |
| emblem | Clan Badge. Find it from your clan page or look up in [cr-api/cr-api-assets/badges](https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-assets/tree/master/badges) |
| info | Optional information. Used in clans page. |
| clans | Names and tags of your clans. |
| sort | Sort order of the clans. Don’t include this field if you wish the clans be sorted according to the order in the `clans` field. Use `sort: trophy` if you want the clans to be sorted according to the clan score. |

### Info fields

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| logo | Please provide URL to your logo and we will upload it. |
| description | Family description in markdown. Please be brief as it will push all your clans down if it is too long. |
| social | Links to social media sites. |

### Social Links

You may order these in any order. The site will display them according to the order that you have entered in your configuration.

- application: url
- discord: url
- email: mailto_url
- facebook: url
- instagram: url
- twitch: url
- twitter: url
- website: url
- youtube: url

### Clans

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| name | Name of the clan |
| tag | Clan tag without the `#` symbol |


## Colors

[[https://github.com/cr-api/cr-api-docs/blob/master/docs/img/colors.png|alt=colors]]

## Examples

### 100 Thieves Clan Family

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/100t

[100t.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/100t.yml)

```yaml
name: 100 Thieves Clan Family
key: 100t
color: red
track: true
emblem: A_Char_Rocket_02
feature: true
vip: true
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/racf.svg
  description: >
    **100 Thieves** is an esports team competing in the North American region of Clash Royale League.
    The eight trophy-pushing clans below comprise the ladder branch of the organization.
    The clans are home to many experienced tournament players, including three participants in the Crown Duel.
    The clans were created as a result of a merger and re-branding of the Reddit Alpha Clan Family,
    founded by Woody in January 2016.
  social:
    - twitter: http://twitter.com/RedditAlpha
    - discord: http://discord.gg/100t
    - twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/woody
    - reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/CRRedditAlpha/
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjC5dP9z3XQY6OEPWh5RiLw
    - website: http://docs.redditalpha.com
clans:
  - name: 100T Alpha
    tag: 9PJ82CRC
  - name: 100T Bravo
    tag: 9UQJUJC9
  - name: 100T Charlie
    tag: 9G99JQPL
  - name: 100T Delta
    tag: 9G8VYGL0
  - name: 100T Echo
    tag: 9CJ0L9RG
  - name: 100T Foxtrot
    tag: 9UQC2P0V
  - name: 100T Golf
    tag: 9UG2R2LQ
  - name: 100T Hotel
    tag: 9Y9VR2JR
  - name: 100T Zen
    tag: 9LPVG9UC
```

### LeGeND Family

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/legend

[legend.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/legend.yml)

```yaml
name: LeGeND Family
key: legend
color: yellow
track: false
emblem: Flame_03
feature: true
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/legend.png
  description: >
    The Legend family is one of the oldest and biggest families in Clash Royale
    with our 700 members and 14 clans!
    Since creation, we as a family and individual players have grown immensely
    and continue to today.
    We believe that’s the reason why we have come so far.
    **The family is a place for everyone, as our members come from all around the world,
    from casual to competitive players, old to young,
    active to very active and so on.**
    We all share a fellow passion for the game, are friendly, always donate,
    help each other out with the same goal: to always improve our skills and have a great time!
    **Join the Family. Become a Legend. **
  social:
    - discord: https://discord.me/legendfamily
    - website: https://legendclans.com
    - twitter: https://twitter.com/TheLegendClans
    - facebook: https://www.facebook.com/LegendClans
    - instagram: https://www.instagram.com/legendclans
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU-_xxoQeJlXx1kJcH1CoBQ
    - reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/LegendClans
    - email: mailto:board@legendclans.com
clans:
  - name: Dragons Eight
    tag: 29YPJYY
  - name: LeGeND eSports!
    tag: 2GJYVRYQ
  - name: LeGeND Squad!
    tag: 80CC8
  - name: Dragons Eight 2
    tag: Y8G9C09
  - name: LeGeND Prime!
    tag: 2LL8LC2R
  - name: LeGeND Titan!
    tag: 9PJYVVL2
  - name: LeGeND Legion!
    tag: VJQ0GJ0
  - name: LeGeND Rising!
    tag: RY9QJU2
  - name: LeGeND Dynasty!
    tag: 99R2PQVR
  - name: LeGeND Phantom!
    tag: 2CJ88808
  - name: LeGeND Empire!
    tag: 9P2PQULQ
  - name: White Plague
    tag: J0CQ9R9
  - name: Dragons Eight 3
    tag: 2ULY20LU
  - name: LeGeND Academy!
    tag: 8QRQQ8RG
```

### Nova eSports

https://royaleapi.com/clan/family/nova

[nova.yml](https://github.com/RoyaleAPI/cr-api-ux/blob/master/examples/family_config/nova.yml)

```yaml
name: Nova eSports
key: nova
color: purple
emblem: Star_Shine_03
track: false
feature: true
sort: trophy
info:
  logo: /static/img/brands/logo/nova.svg
  description: >
    **Competitive excellence through community-driven values.**
    Nova is a mobile-focused eSports organization committed to empowering
    individuals through a supportive team environment.
    We look for talent that has the character to back it up.
    That talent is cultivated and supported through team-based growth strategies and
    passionate staff that care about player outcomes.
    Community is the foundation of those outcomes and is the core of player dedication.
  social:
    - website: https://novaesports.com/
    - twitter: https://twitter.com/NovaeSportsTeam
    - instagram: https://instagram.com/novaesportsgg
    - facebook: https://facebook.com/OfficialNovaeSports
    - twitch: https://twitch.tv/NovaeSportsGG
    - youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JS5NiRp4Sy1wl6qFkW3GQ
    - application: https://novaesports.com/apply
    - email: mailto:pr@novaesports.com
clans:
  - name: Nova eSports
    tag: LCVUYCR
  - name: Nova I ARG
    tag: 8QC8YQJC
  - name: Nova l Brazil
    tag: JVRPGV8
  - name: Nova I C.A
    tag: 8JLVR9VV
  - name: Nova l Canada
    tag: 8PLYP8V
  - name: Nova l EG
    tag: 8YLJ8UL2
  - name: Nova FrenchArmy
    tag: 8VG2C9CJ
  - name: Nova l Hispania
    tag: 2CQQVQCU
  - name: HK@852 l Nova
    tag: 8JQQP8UL
  - name: Nova l India
    tag: 8GGC990V
  - name: Nova I Iran
    tag: 8YGRJ8GG
  - name: Nova I Korea
    tag: 92LLJ828
  - name: Nova l JPN
    tag: 2GYJL2GQ
  - name: Nova l MANGÚ™
    tag: 8JQP02QQ
  - name: Nova l Potenza
    tag: 2UP8R99Y
  - name: Nova l Raze
    tag: 8UY0CPU2
  - name: Nova l Swiss
    tag: 8RR89PUY
  - name: Nova Turkey
    tag: CYCJJLG
  - name: Nova l 大唐天子
    tag: RVL2PQQ
```
